======
README		myproxy
======

 1. Overview
 2. Myproxy Programs
 3. License and Support
 4. Installation
 5. More Information on Globus/GSI
 6. Authors


1. Overview
-----------

Myproxy v0.1b1 provides a server and client-side utilities to store and retrieve delegated X509 certificates via the Globus Security Infrastructure (GSI). Services that do not support GSI, including web browsers, can retrieve user credentials from a myproxy-server via a user generated passphrase.

The myproxy-server uses the GSI to perform mutual authentication between clients and web portals. It should be installed on a secured host separate from the web server. The myproxy-server saves the credentials in the case the system should go down. A configuration file is used to store information about which portals and users can access the myproxy-server.

The user uses myproxy-init to delegate credentials to myproxy-server,
along with a username and pass phrase to authenticate credential 
retrieval from a web server.

Then at a later time when the user connects to the web portal they
provide the username and pass phrase to the portal. The portal then
runs myproxy-get-delegation, providing the username and pass phrase.
myproxy-server authenticates the portal and verifies the user
information. Assuming this all checks out, it delegates another copy
of the users credentials to the portal for use.

The user may destroy their credentials stored with myproxy-server
at any time using myproxy-destroy.

2. Myproxy Programs
-------------------

Please see myproxy-programs.html for running the various myproxy
programs and command line arguments.


3. License and Support
----------------------

All rights to myproxy are held by the authors, the National Center
for Supercomputing Applications and the University of Illinois.

You may freely distribute myproxy in any form as along as it is
accompanied by this README file.

You may freely use myproxy for non-commercial applications. You are
asked, but not required, to inform the authors if you use myproxy.

You may freely modify myproxy and redistribute with your changes as
long as you clearly indicate that you have made changes and describe
your changes, preferably in a separate README file. Modifications
to myproxy do not effect this license.

myproxy is unsupported software, use at your own risk. No warranty
implied.

You are encouraged to send bug reports and enhancements to the authors,
but there is no guarantee of any support.

4. Installation
---------------

Please see INSTALL for directions on compiling MyProxy.


5. More information on Globus/GSI
---------------------------------

Information on GSI and Globus can be found at:
http://www.globus.org/security/v1.1 
http://www.globus.org.

6. Authors
----------
Jason Novotny <novotny@ncsa.uiuc.edu>
Von Welch <vwelch@ncsa.uiuc.edu>
